feat: update merge_collaboration page (#1468)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/api-console/api-design/merge_collaboration.md

---

:::caution
During the merge process, please remember that:

- the configuration included in the _Visualize_ are not included and any updated configuration must be manually updated after the merge

> - the configuration included in the _Advanced_ section can be merged if the [Enhanced Project Workflow](/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/enhanced-project-workflow.md) is enabled, otherwise its content must be updated after the merge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the configuration included in the _Advanced_ section can be merged if the [Enhanced Project Workflow](/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/enhanced-project-workflow.md) is enabled, otherwise its content must be manually updated after the merge
```

> - the configuration included in the _Visualize_ are not included and any updated configuration must be manually updated after the merge
> - the configuration included in the _Advanced_ section can be merged if the [Enhanced Project Workflow](/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/enhanced-project-workflow.md) is enabled, otherwise its content must be manually updated after the merge

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- changes made inside the _Visualize_ section are not included and any modifications to the configuration must be manually applied after the merge
- changes made inside the _Advanced_ section can be merged if the [Enhanced Project Workflow](/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/enhanced-project-workflow.md) is enabled, otherwise its content must be manually updated after the merge
```

---

:::caution

> This feature is not a `git merge`, which means it does not include all the content of the project repository during the comparison between the two branches.

Reviewer: While this content is true, I'd not put this in such a negative way; i'd explain the concept by using more positive sentences.

Such as: 

- You can merge data from the following sections (with a note on advanced being available only when using enhanced workflow)
- These sections, instead are not supported ..., this means they won't be featured in the merge process and must be manually managed
- all configuration file that are manually managed within the repo are to be manually merged since they are not supported as well

Author: The gist here is to inform the user about the limitations of this feature, since the content subject of this PR is included in the "caution" box.

But I can rephrase the entire paragraph to explain clearly in positive terms what the merge can do and add the caution box only for this issue caused by the risk of losing configurations not supported. 

I'll update this comment once I'm done

Author: In a second thought, I've decided to apply your suggestion in the same caution box to avoid rewriting different paragraphs of the document. Let me know if you would prefer a different approach or if you encounter any mistake/typo.

Reviewer: I agree with your consideration!

Currently, it includes only the configurations included in the _Design_ sections of the Console with the exception of:

- Visualize
- Advanced

> This means that the Merge process will not allow you to compare the content coming from these two sections, as well as any other configuration included in the project repository but not in Console (such as pipelines for CI/CD operations or the content of the `mlp.yaml` file used by **mlp**).

Reviewer: advanced are actually mergeable when using the Enhanced Workflow

Author: Nice to know. Gonna add this asap.

Author: Rephrased the content, the Advanced section indication now includes a specification whether the project have the Enhanced Workflow enabled or not

Reviewer: great, thanks!
